updating service->cloud (#2326)
pulumi/registry: themes/default/content/registry/packages/gcp/how-to-guides/gce-webserver.md

    Permalink: https://app.pulumi.com/lukehoban/webservergcp-dev/updates/2
    ```

> 1. We can use `pulumi stack output` to get the value of stack outputs from the CLI.  So we can `curl` the virtual machine instance to see the HTTP server running there. Stack outputs can also be viewed on the Pulumi Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We can use `pulumi stack output` to get the value of stack outputs from the CLI.  So we can `curl` the virtual machine instance to see the HTTP server running there. Stack outputs can also be viewed ine the Pulumi Cloud console.
```

1. Run `pulumi destroy` to tear down all resources.  You'll be prompted to make sure you really want to delete these resources. This takes about 60 seconds; Pulumi waits for the virtual machine instance to shutdown and for the compute network to be removed before it considers the destroy operation to be complete.

> 1. To delete the stack itself, run `pulumi stack rm`. Note that this command deletes all deployment history from the Pulumi Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To delete the stack itself, run `pulumi stack rm`. Note that this command deletes all deployment history from the Pulumi Cloud console.
```
